Fix: Ensure resource names in ClusterRole are plural and lowercase (#50370)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac.md

The following examples are excerpts from Role or ClusterRole objects, showing only
the `rules` section.

> Note: When specifying resources in a ClusterRole or Role, always use the plural and lowercase form of the resource name.
> For example, use pods instead of pod, services instead of service.
> Incorrect resource names will cause RBAC policies to fail.

Reviewer: The important part is that it match the REST API URL, which for built-in types is always plural and lowercase, but might not be for aggregated API servers.

```suggestion
Note: When specifying resources in a ClusterRole or Role, always use the resource exactly as it appears in the REST API path segment.
For example, use `pods` instead of `pod` or `Pods`.
Resources that do not exactly match the REST API path segment will not authorize the request.
```
